tape flex repair seal patch bond broken cracks leaks damage$Hi, Phil Swift here with Flex Tape! The super-strong waterproof tape! That can instantly patch, bond, seal, and repair! Flex tape is no ordinary tape; its triple thick adhesive virtually welds itself to the surface, instantly stopping the toughest leaks. Leaky pipes can cause major damage, but Flex Tape grips on tight and bonds instantly! Plus, Flex Tape’s powerful adhesive is so strong, it even works underwater! Now you can repair leaks in pools and spas in water without draining them! Flex Tape is perfect for marine, campers and RVs! Flex Tape is super strong, and once it's on, it holds on tight! And for emergency auto repair, Flex Tape keeps its grip, even in the toughest conditions! Big storms can cause big damage, but Flex Tape comes super wide, so you can easily patch large holes. To show the power of Flex Tape, I sawed this boat in half! And repaired it with only Flex Tape! Not only does Flex Tape’s powerful adhesive hold the boat together, but it creates a super strong water tight seal, so the inside is completly dry! Yee-doggy! Just cut, peel, stick and seal! Imagine everything you can do with the power of Flex Tape!
raid game strategy$Today's chat is sponsored by Raid Shadow Legends, one of the biggest mobile role-playing games of 2020 and it's totally free! Currently almost 10 million users have joined Raid over the last six months, and it's one of the most impressive games in its class with detailed models, environments and smooth 60 frames per second animations! All the champions in the game can be customized with unique gear that changes your strategic buffs and abilities! The dungeon bosses have some ridiculous skills of their own and figuring out the perfect party and strategy to overtake them's a lot of fun! Currently with over 300,000 reviews, Raid has almost a perfect score on the Play Store! The community is growing fast and the highly anticipated new faction wars feature is now live, you might even find my squad out there in the arena! It's easier to start now than ever with rates program for new players you get a new daily login reward for the first 90 days that you play in the game! So what are you waiting for? Go to the video description, click on the special links and you'll get 50,000 silver and a free epic champion as part of the new player program to start your journey! Good luck and I'll see you there!
squarespace website$This message was made possible by Squarespace. Squarespace is the absolute easiest way to make your website. I've used them for a few different sites. I basically bought that domain to be sure nobody else could. I didn't really have the time or need to create a fancy website, so I just spent about 15 minutes to throw together a landing page. It was incredibly easy with the Squarespace template and, in my opinion at least, it looks great. Now I can give people one link that takes them to a page with the link to all my different social media profiles. You can really create a landing page like this, a blog, a store, really anything with Sqaurespace and what's best is that you can get 10% off your first order by using the code "lmao" over at squarespace.com/lmao. That also helps you help the message. So please do go check out Squarespace at squarespace.com/lmao.
shave mald shred trim shear clip$What is DollarShaveClub.com? Well, for a dollar a month, we deliver high quality razors right to your door. Yeah, a dollar. Are the blades any good? No. Our blades are **fucking** great. Each razor has stainless steel blades and a aloe vera lubricating strip pivot head so gentle a toddler could use it. And do you like spending $20 a month on brand name razors? 19 go to Roger Federer. I'm good at Tennis. Do you think your razor needs a vibrating handle, a flashlight, a backscratcher and ten blades? Your handsome ass grandfather had one blade AND polio. Stop paying for shave tech you don't need! And stop forgetting to buy your blades every month. Alejandra and I are gonna ship them right to you. We're not just selling razors, we're also making new jobs. Alejandra, what were you doing last month? "*not working*" What are you doin' now? "*working*" I'm no Vanderbilt, but this train, makes hay. So stop forgetting to buy your blades every month and start deciding where you're gonna stack all those dollar bills I'm gonna be saving you. We are DollarShaveClub.com, and the party is on.
tragedy mishap$Did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth Plagueis The Wise? I thought not. It's not a story the Jedi would tell you. It's a Sith legend. Darth Plagueis was a Dark Lord of the Sith, so powerful and so wise he could use the Force to influence the midichlorians to create life… He had such a knowledge of the dark side that he could even keep the ones he cared about from dying. The dark side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural. He became so powerful… the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power, which eventually, of course, he did. Unfortunately, he taught his apprentice everything he knew, then his apprentice killed him in his sleep. Ironic. He could save others from death, but not himself.
honey saving money$Honey is a free browser add-on available on Google, Oprah, Firefox, Safari, if it's a browser it has Honey. All you have to do is when you're checking out on one of these major sites, just click that little orange button, and it will scan the entire internet and find discount codes for you. As you see right here, I'm on Hanes, y'know, ordering some shirts because who doesn't like ordering shirts; We saved 11 dollars! Dude our total is 55 dollars, and after Honey, it's 44 dollars. Boom. I clicked once and I saved 11 dollars. There's literally no reason not to install Honey. It takes two clicks, 10 million people use it, 100,000 five star reviews, unless you hate money, you should install Honey.
penis dick ball nut bollock hair pubic cock schlong$What the! Nothin is worse then nickin ya ball sack. Have you ever nicked your ball sack? Ow! Oh! Ohhhhhh! Manscaped's Lawn Mower 2.0 was specifically designed to make manscaping easy. Im talkin, butt, balls, booty... even the gooch! Featuring skin safe technology, this trimmer won't nick or snag ya nuts! 100% waterproof and shock resistant. So you can trim your hedges in the shower! The powerful 6,000 RPM motor ensures an easy cut even through the thickest bushes. This trimmer is sooo good... Even Mark Cuban offered a deal on Shark Tank! Do yourself a favor... Try Manscaped's precision tools for your family jewels. Your balls will thank you!
vpn safety$This message is sponsored by NordVPN. Staying safe online is an ever growing difficulty and you could be exploited by hackers. NordVPN allows you to change your IP address, making you harder to track, securing your privacy. Check out the link in the description to get 20% off for the first two months and thank you to NordVPN for sponsoring this video.
fortnite trash$This message was brought to you by Fortnite, the new state of-the-art battle royale game. *Just kidding fuck Fortnite, I wouldn't make an ad for Fortnite even if Tim Sweeney gave me a blowjob himself.*
earphones earbuds airpods music$Before we start this message, I’d like to thank the sponsor of this video, “Raycons.” I actually have a pair of Raycons and I love them. I usually use them when I’m at the gym or I’m at home playing Minecraft. The sound quality is just as amazing as all the other top name brands and they’re half the price. The ones I’m using are the everyday E25’s. They’re the best ones yet. 6 hours of playtime, seamless Bluetooth pairing, more bass, available in multiple colors, and their compact design helps get rid of background noise. I also like the fact that you can click either earbud with your finger to pause your music. Makes it super convenient if you need to stop for any reason. Go to buyracon.com/(youtubername) for 15% off your order. The link is in the description.
audible book$This chat was made possible by audible. Audible is the leading provider of audio books. They have over 180,000 of audio books to choose from. Visit www.audible.com for one free audio book! This is the best place for audio books and I cannot recommend it enough.
kitchen gun cleaning$Hi I am Phil Swift, say Goodbye to daily stains and dirty services with new Kitchen Gun. This sink is filthy, but just three shots from Kitchen Gun... BANG BANG BANG and it sparkles like neeeeew. Look at how it cleans this greasy herd. BANG BANG BANG GOODBYE DIRT Grubby tiles... BANG BANG BANG I LOVE YOU KITCHEN GUN, smoch Rusty tabs! BANG BANG BANG AHAHAHAHAHA You can even use it on the washing up! BANG BANG BANG There, all clean aagaaain! NEW KITCHEN GUN Now with laser sights and night vision for after dark cleaning!!
shamwow wow sponge towel$Hi it's Phil from ShamWow!, you'll be saying wow every time. It's like a shammy, it's like a towel, it's like a sponge. A regular towel doesn't work wet, this works wet or dry. This is for the house The Car The Boat The RV Shamwow holds 12 times it's weight in liquid, look at this, it just does the work. Why do you want to work twice as hard? It doesn't drip, doesn't make a mess, wring it out. You wash it in the washing machine. Made in Germany, you know the Germans always make good stuff. Here's some cola, wine, coffee, cola, pet stains. Not only is your damage going to be on top, there's your mildew. That is gonna smell, see that. Now we're gonna do this in real time, look at this, put it on the spill, turn it over without putting any pressure, 50% of the cola...right there you following me camera guy? The other 50% the color starts to come up no other towels' gonna do that. It acts like a vacuum, and look at this virtually dry on the bottom. See what I’m telling ya Shamwow you'll be saying wow every time. I can't live without it, I just love it! Oh my gosh I don't even buy paper towels anymore. If you're gonna wash your cars or any other vehicle, you'll be out of your mind not to own one of these. All I can say is SHAM! WOW! You're gonna spend twenty dollars every month on paper towels anyway you're throwin away your money. The mini shamwows are for everything, for everyday use. This last ten years, this last a week, I don't know it sells itself. The shamwow sells for 19.95 you get one for the house, one for the car, two for the kitchen and bathroom. But if you call now, within the next twenty minutes cause we can't do this all day, we'll give you a second set absolutely free. So that's 8 shamwows for 19.95. It comes with a ten year warranty, here's how to order. (+ Shamwow Mop – no more hands and knees) Call 18009517100 Shamwow it not available in stores and is made in Germany beware of Shamwow imitators, call 18009517100 that’s 18009517100 call now.