My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, 'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.'. Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- 'Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through.' I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because your opinion gave me cancer anyway.
Sorry, Flex Tape can't fix the fact that you're wrong
Honey can only save you money if you have money
Even with these Ray Cons on your opinion still sounds trash
Even Squarespace can't make your opinion look good
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in guerilla warfare and I’m the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You’re fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You’re fucking dead, kiddo
Even RAYCON earbuds with their outstanding audio quality and comfy ear fit cant make me unhear the sheer bullshit you just said
Your opinion is so shallow that you make RAID: Shadow Legends look like a fucking tactics game
I use the lawnmower 3.0 to shave all over my body. With its ceramic blade and anti-cut technology, it is gentle on the skin and never cuts. But after the bullshit you just posted, I wish I could somehow use it to shave the last 2 seconds off my life.
They call it Fortnite because that’s how long it takes for you to finally make a good point
Even Nord VPN can't protect me from the bullshit that you call your opinion.